 CANONCOV Canonical covariance analysis (aka partial least squares)
          Canonical correlation analysis.

   A, B, U, V, R = canoncov(X, Y, k)
   A, B, U, V, R = canoncov(X, Y, k, type)
   A, B, U, V, R = canoncov(X, Y, k, type, corr)
   A, B, U, V, R = canoncov(X, Y, k, type, corr, moderm)
   A, B, U, V, R = canoncov(X, Y, k, type, corr, moderm, Name=Value)

   Inputs:
       X: Data matrix of size n x p, where
          n is the number of data points and
          p is the number of features.

       Y: Data matrix of size n x q, where
          n is the number of data points and
          q is the number of features.

       k: Number of canonical components (positive integer).

       type: Weighted or binary canonical analysis.
           "weighted": Weighted canonical analysis (default).
           "binary": Binary canonical analysis.

       corr: Canonical correlation analysis (logical scalar).
           0: Canonical covariance analysis (default).
           1: Canonical correlation analysis.

       moderm: First-mode removal (logical scalar).
           0: No first-mode removal (default).
           1: First-mode removal via degree correction.

       Name=Value Arguments
           (binary canonical analysis only):
           See LOYVAIN for all Name=Value options.

   Outputs:
       A: Canonical coefficients of X (size p x k).
       B: Canonical coefficients of Y (size q x k).
       U: Canonical components of X (size n x k).
       V: Canonical components of Y (size n x k).
       R: Canonical covariances or correlations (size k x k).
          If type is "weighted", R denotes the actual covariances or
          correlations. If type is "binary", R denotes the
          normalized covariances or correlations.

   Methodological notes:
       Weighted canonical correlation or covariance analysis is computed via
       singular value decomposition of cross-covariance matrix.

       Binary canonical covariance analysis is computed via co-Loyvain
       k-means clustering of cross-covariance matrix. This analysis
       produces binary orthogonal canonical coefficients.

       Binary canonical covariance analysis is computed via co-Loyvain
       k-means clustering of _whitened_ cross-covariance matrix. This
       analysis produces binary orthogonal canonical coefficients for 
       the whitened matrix. However, the output coefficients after
       dewhitening will, in general, not be binary.

       First-mode removal is performed via generalized degree correction, and
       converts k-means co-clustering into k-modularity co-maximization.

   See also:
       COLOYVAIN, LOYVAIN, MODEREMOVAL.
